Editorial review: Document enterPictureInPictureReason parameter … (#44497)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/picture-in-picture_api/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> The [Document Picture-in-Picture API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API) extends the Picture-in-Picture API to allow the always-on-top window to be populated with _any_ arbitrary HTML content, not just a video.

> [!NOTE]

> > You can run code in response to the browser moving content into a Picture-in-Picture always-on-top window by setting up a media session action handler via {{domxref("MediaSession.setActionHandler()")}} with a `type` of `enterpictureinpicture`. This action can occur, for example, due to the content being occulded by the displayed tab being switched, or by the user selecting a "picture-in-picture" option from a context menu or the browser chrome.

Reviewer: @chrisdavidmills For both this and the other case .... this provides the cross linking to the action handler, but hides the reason this might be useful. Specifically, given that you can use the `enter` event to run code in response to a browser opening a picture in picture, the only value in the media session handler is how it differs from that. From what I can see that is that it allows differentiating the reasons it was opened.

I don't know the best way to put that, but maybe something like:

```suggestion
> You can run code when the always-on-top window is opened using the {{domxref("HTMLVideoElement.enterpictureinpicture_event", "enterpictureinpicture")}} event.
> If you need to run different code based on whether the window was displayed automatically (such as due to the playing content being occluded or the tab switch) or via user interaction, you should instead set a media session action handler via {{domxref("MediaSession.setActionHandler()")}} with a `type` of `enterpictureinpicture`.
```

Author: I understand your concern here, but I'm a bit worried that your suggestion doesn't quite capture the nuance of why the action handler is useful. I've had another go at making it more explicit in my latest commit: let me know what you think.

Reviewer: Close, but needs a further tweak https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/44497#discussion_r3456468608 (I think)
